Update WMS WebControl pro button and cover documentation (#38857)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/wmspro.markdown

This integration uses a local API which is available with firmware container version 11H.

See device section for support information: [buttons](#buttons), [covers](#covers), [lights](#lights) and [scenes](#scenes).

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

The WMS WebControl pro *may* also be discovered on your local network via DHCP.

## Buttons

> - All devices that support an identification activity (e.g. winking an awning or blinking a light)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All devices that support an identification activity (for example, winking an awning or blinking a light)
```
